My attempt at a banana for scale picture of my mini dachshund Rusty. It seems like he had other plans
The 24 hour Taco Bell that got me and my friends through college tragically burned down last night. We're coping the best we can.
Finally redone correctly.
Pornhub traffic in Hawaii during the "missile alert"
Kimbal Musk — Elon’s brother — is leading a $25 million mission to fix food in schools across the US: “in 300 public schools in American cities. Part-playground, part-outdoor classroom, the learning gardens serve as spaces where students learn about the science of growing fruits and veggies“
Students cheer when electricity finally restored to a school in Puerto Rico months after Hurricane Maria
Salt and pepper up close
TIL that some guy attempted to beat a world record by playing QBert for 100 hours straight on a single coin... His attempt failed because a thunderstorm shorted out the game after 56.5 hours of continuous game play!
Cloudy Mornings Featuring Fitz Roy - El Chalten, Patagonia. [OC] [3992 X 2992]
Beware of Dog
too hard
*Spends $1000 to go heli skiiing
The Hori Onyx is the first wireless third-party PS4 controller
A passerby comforts an elderly woman who was knocked over in the ensuing panic after a shot was fired at President Gerald Ford in San Francisco. September 22nd, 1975
Why does it cost $30,093 just to give birth in America? The US is the most expensive nation in the world in which to have a baby - and it may factor into thousands of bankruptcies each year.
Researchers recreate the DNA of a man who died nearly 200 years ago from his living descendants rather than his physical remains — something that has never been done before.
Man clears his name 40 years later after googling corrupt police officer who framed him
The Silence of the Lambs (1991) Art By Blake Armstrong
Sidekick
Mike D Says Beastie Boys Memoir Is Coming Out This Year
North and South Korea agree to carry single flag at Winter Olympics and field joint women's ice hockey team
PsBattle: A jewel in the sea
I left school to cook with Cannabis & have created a successful business. Grateful to be featured on major news networks & cooked with some celebrities. Currently working on my 1st Restaurant...AMA!
Vixen, watercolor, 9x12"
Posted on NFL's Facebook page
Michael Wolff's 'Fire and Fury' to Become TV Series
My attractive female neighbor is completely paranoid.
Children Of The Sex Trade (2014) - This exceptional film follows two young sisters in the Philippines who help former Australian police and Special Forces officers rescue underage girls from sex bars.
Spotify is now embedding adverts as tracks in playlists, even for Premium users?
I Built a Boxing Bell
Tax Filing Software Megathread: A comprehensive list of tax filing resources
[I ate] 4 kinds of exotic flavoured KitKat
Cassini Finds Saturn Moon Has 'Sea Level' Like Earth
Bayeux Tapestry to be displayed in UK
[WP] Satan, Lucifer and the Devil are fed up of people thinking that they're the same person. Since they can't interact with people directly, they hold a discussion to decide the best way to fix the problem.
[Image]Work Like Hell
ELI5: How is magnesium, an easily flammable metal used in flares, used to make products such as car parts and computer casings?
Elise Trouw -- Foo Fighters / Bobby Caldwell Mashup [Jazz / Funk / Indie]
I ran into my high school sweetheart tonight at my 10-year reunion… the one I married? (Part 4)
$10 Million LAPD Electric BMWs Appear Unused Or Misused
What’s the worst case of bad parenting you’ve ever witnessed?
The Knock Knock Game
TIL, Disneyland's Jungle Cruise is now a self sustaining ecosystem and requires very little landscaping
Seeing this for the first time is one of the best “holy shit” moments in gaming history
First Photo of Zac Efron as Ted Bundy in ‘Extremely Wicked’
Kid orders bong. Package arrives and his mom wants to see him open it.
TIFU and put lives in danger.
City Hall has ‘blood on its hands’ in swatting death, attorney tells council
Banfield rips Ansari story writer over insulting email - update
'The Tick' Renewed by Amazon for Season 2
I got this.
Yeah, I'm a Gamer
We all been here...
First 'ghost ship' of 2018 washes up in Japan with dead North Koreans
Oddly behaving star reveals hidden black hole lurking in the heart of a globular cluster, a first.
Sioux City police arrest two minors for destroying half million bees
Man is told his wife has died in hospital only for him to spot her asleep on ward
People who trawl through others’ post history why do you do it?
The Good Ol Days
The Target app gave me a different price when I was at the store than when I was at home.
TIL cardinal birds are romantic; they mate for life, travel together, sing before nesting, and during courtship, the male feeds seed to the female beak-to-beak.
Jump Scare Scenes Without Jump Scare Sound Effects
Political Proposal to Electrocute Tired Truck Drivers to Wake Them Up Met with Resistance
Finally redone the way it should be.
What is the relationship between the rate of change of a function and differentiation?
I knew something seemed off
If Aziz Ansari's Accuser Gave Performance Reviews
What fact do you refuse to believe?
What are the best co-op couch games?
This guy had more confidence than most people.
Oh, Okay then.
Antelope running down the highway
Largest producing egg farm in the US caught by undercover operatives for severe animal abuse
First Look at Nintendo Labo
Money Can't buy Happiness
This man raps about giving his cat a bath (while giving his cat a bath.)
Purrpurred for the exam.
The Jackson Five pass by the Brady Bunch, ABC studio lot, 1971
TIL that April 11, 1954 is considered the most boring day in history with no significant births or deaths occurring on that day.
Alien sightings are no excuse for filing your tax return late
When i hear that California's trying to split
Months of planning. 5 days of patience. 2 seconds to get the shot. Thank you, Namibia.
When you upvote a comment with 0 karma
Gamer for Life
Man's body found encased in concrete in crawl space at his home, daughter arrested
Explain THIS one Ubisoft.
Reading the post about terrible parents made me sad. So what is the best case of parenting you’ve ever seen?
What's your deepest, darkest secret?
Does this amuse you human?
Christmas Day, Year 2000
US border patrol routinely sabotages water left for migrants, report says
Welcome To IRIS - The Church
Home is where the heart is.
What do people claim is "elitist", but really isn't?
CNN host savages Aziz Ansari’s accuser
TIL that Brad Pitt once tried to buy himself out of the movie ‘Interview with the Vampire’. Upon hearing about the 40M$ exit clause, he shot the movie. It went on to receive 2 Oscar nominations and launched Kirsten Dunst’s career
How did civilizations figure out each others languages when they first met?
A Tibetan skeleton dancer... (1925)... by Joseph Rock... this photo originally appeared in a 1928 issue of National Geographic.
Found out who the local drug dealer is...
Get yourself someone whos as happy to see you like this beer is happy to see me
An Empty Prison
Boater was probably texting
TIL Carrie Fisher revealed in her memoir, Wishful Drinking, that she once had a romantic relationship with U.S. Senator Chris Dodd. When Dodd was asked for a comment by a reporter he explained that "it was a long, long time ago in a galaxy far, far away."
Nintendo Labo, HERE I COME!
If the energy of photons is continuous, and electron's energy levels around an atom are discreet, then how can you ever have a photon that has the exact energy to be absorbed by an electron?
[IMAGE] Inked my favorite einstein quote using my typewriter
Trump administration bars Haitians from U.S. visas for low-skilled work
Browsing the subreddit right now
Muhammad Ali would have turned 76 today. Here he is dodging 21 punches in 10 seconds.
First day of College, I think I like this class.
[homemade] Pan-fried dumplings
Apparently I'm late for an important meeting with my cat
TIL Let it Snow doesn’t say one word about Christmas in its entire song. It was written in the summer by Sammy Cahn, after he was tired of the summer heat.
TIL when hedge fund manager Eddie Lambert merged Sears and Kmart into one company he was hailed as the next Warren Buffett, capable of turning around struggling businesses. Today he is blamed for running Sears and Kmart into the ground
